All right, what's up, y'all?
This is Jimston.
So it is a AI assistant that lives on your desktop,
can see what you do, learn any workflow,
and basically take all of the stress and time
out of any front desk office work.
So let's go through a little, for instance, here.
Maya Bennett called about Ava's Miss Class,
classic normal gymnastics stuff, kid was sick.
Let's have Jimston open up Chrome
and pull up the class scheduler
and see if he can find a proper makeup floor.
Then we'll see if he can go ahead and schedule that class,
change the roster, and send an email through Gmail.
This is here gonna demonstrate how much complex work
Jimston can do in just one pass.
And what's great about this program
is you only have to give it these instructions one time.
And then as you'll see once we go through this,
Jimston is actually able to remember every workflow.
So you can see he's got the classes opened up,
Gmail opened up.
Staff can actually open up other apps
and use them seamlessly and he stops working.
And then he'll just continue once you're done.
So you can see here, she's already enrolled
into the new class Tuesday at five o'clock as the makeup.
I'm gonna tell him to go ahead and show me both finals.
He's already got the final email pulled up right there.
So he'll just show the final state of the roster change
as well and here they both are.
Everything looks good.
He says, would you like me to proceed?
I'm gonna go ahead and type yes.
And then what's great about this is now that is all done.
The email's sent, it didn't really send
because there's a fake email address,
but it would've, and of course it's a fake roster as well.
But everything is staged and correctly ready to go.
Now I'm asking him if he can remember this
so that I never have to do it again.
Front desk staff, you guys are tasked
with these repeated tedious tasks all the time.
And it's honestly not fair
and you just don't need to do them anymore.
So the computer can do it for you.
So it links to whatever calendar you already use.
I got my Apple calendar here in this case.
It set the reminder as you can see.
Linking with your existing tools
is one of Jimston's strong suits.
We don't require that you replace anything
you're already using.
So if you're on Jackrabbit, great.
If you use iClass Pro, great.
Whatever you use is fine.
And then it keeps a track of everything that you've done.
All your workflows, past conversations,
everything for my more technical friends.
There is logs down at the bottom
so you can see what's going on.
